beverage Isis bro this is what put this
place on the map Kashmir Rajneesh mine
just kill nobody - link and I are
cruising the mountain bro we figured
waste a little juice the oldest movie we
could find a politic to be remembered
for the stuff you did 30 years ago
that's really good producing really
really update update my stuff huh he's
like hey I love that movie but it's like
up they have only done 30 things since
then yeah I just did an episode of my
podcasts it was a tribute to Robin
Williams right yeah and it was I
interviewed Rick Overton and I talked to
him about what Robin thought about the
whole nonno nonno thing yeah he says
yeah he says you always want to be
remembered for your last thing not the
thing that you did a long long time ago
you know because he was like up for you
know he added me awards and stuff people
still came up to another nerd you know
what there's some acts in Hollywood who
you know something sticks early in their
life and they never get away from yeah I
mean let's be honest that's kind of
happen with you in some cases but you've
done tons of stuff you don't have the
weasel on your shirts oh my god yeah
that's just the way it is I mean you
work really hard in the business to come
up with your own thing you know so
that's how it is isn't it great to have
something stick that when you go out I
mean everybody knows who you are it
doesn't matter what the generation know
I'm very very fortunate I mean
especially you look back you look back
now and stuff after all the different
things that I've done I'm very very
lucky that I can tour people know who I
am and the stuff that I did back in the
day and my stand-up and stuff like that
it's pretty cool what is it like for you
when you go I know in LA everybody's
famous so you know
get as much well in LA extreme well in
LA it's interesting I just I was born
and raised in Hollywood and I recently
moved to I had to get out of Hollywood I
moved to Silver Lake you only know how
to get away from those TMZ buses just
chase them around are exhausting bro I'm
like I'm over here like we got the
footage okay cause when you have a drug
problem but do you even go out when you
come to a town like Orlando do you even
go out to a mall do you go out did you
do anything or suggest to mom I went to
Tommy Bahama's last night yeah yeah I
had some no I go out but it is it is
weird that like you know people know who
I am people ask for my picture I was at
the Walmart the other day I think in
Lake Lakeland and someone says I'm mr.
Shore I know you're super busy I'm like
I know I'm not get this all the time I'm
like no I don't would you take a picture
you know so I know we showed the 1992
clip but let's talk current because you
are up to some really cool current
projects right now in your podcast being
one of them and get some really cool
yeah it's just it's an interesting time
because about 10 years ago I did a movie
called Pauly Shore his debt and it was
like the first time where I kind of like
took my career in my own hands I started
producing directing and doing my own
stuff and I've been doing that ever
since and it's paid off because that's
the way the business is now you have to
kind of like do stuff and everything is
online so I have a podcast that just
launched what you can just just go to
Pauly Shore calm where it's on iTunes
and this week is our senio haul and I
have some great people I did a tribute
to Robin Williams and then I also have a
documentary coming out on Showtime
December and that's called Pauly Shore
stands alone and that's a really cool
documentary that gotten in the Woodstock
Film Festival run winning awards on and
stuff like cell phone you know you were
here three years ago doing stand-up your
maket why still do stand-up when you
have everything else going on well
stand-up is one of the things that I'll
always do you know I was born and raised
around comedy since I was four years old
my mom and the comments from my dad and
and it's just something that I just love
to do I mean you know what I mean to hop
on a plane and deal with all the minutia
of getting here is like you know it's
like it's not fun but one
she get here I know that there's an
audience and I know that I can make
people laugh and it makes me feel good
to make people laugh so I just love it
you're trying to passier alone this time
I have like a trainer and like a an
intern yeah yeah he's a little
polynesian kid he's hysterical I got it
from USC I called my PE my Panda Express
wait no no my I call my I forgot what I
was to earlier he's really cute he's
funny he's Hawaiian walks around like a
little grommet all the time it's there
right there Friday shows even a Sunday
show so you're sticking around yeah I'll
be here for a while it's always great to
have you in you're the best comedian
interviews we have because you're really
yeah you're real I mean you tell some
people really I do - yeah going on
behind the cameras can you guys just I
think are eyelines you know it's kind of
like Simon Says Simon Says stop no Nissa
kidding there's like 40 Tiffani she
wants to see really you know I'm gonna
take them in there to meet Tiffany come
on let's go ahead and take it away